docs: document projects and plugins via guides and more method docs (#368)
ApeWorX/ape: docs/userguides/quickstart.md

ape plugins list -a
```

> **NOTE**: If a plugin does not originate from the ApeWorX team GitHub organization, you will get a warning about

Reviewer: maybe add a link to: https://github.com/ApeWorX?q=ape&type=all
```suggestion
**NOTE**: If a plugin does not originate from the ApeWorX GitHub organization, you will get a warning about
```

installing 3rd-class plugins. Any plugin that is not an official plugin has the chance of not being trustworthy. Thus,

> you should be mindful about which plugins you install. Additionally, plugins that come with `ape` out-of-the-box
> cannot be uninstalled and are considered part of the `ape` core software.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you should be mindful about which plugins you install. Additionally, plugins that come bundled with `ape`
in the core installation cannot be removed and are considered part of the `ape` core software.
```
